Update README (#5214)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: packages/firebase/README.md

> <!-- [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/firebase/firebase-js-sdk.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/firebase/firebase-js-sdk) -->

Reviewer: Should it be deleted?

Author: I thought that leaving the comment would be a good reminder to put a new badge there if we go through the README in the future and we have a new service by then. I guess it's better to explicitly put a TODO instead.

## Get the code (browser)

We recommend only installing the features you need. The individually installable services are:

> - `firebase-app` - The core `firebase` client (required).

Reviewer: misssing app-check

Author: Oops, added.

Reviewer: Did you push it? I still don't see appcheck

Author: Missed error on push because I didn't pull the branch after committing the suggestion below.

import 'firebase/database';
```

Or if using `require()`:

> _We recommend the `.default` import from `firebase/app` in order for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Use the `.default` import from `firebase/app` in order for
```

Reviewer: I think you have to use the default import.

In your code, you can access Firebase using:

```js

> var firebase = require('firebase/app').default;

Author: I wanted to double check that Node needs the .default too? I vaguely remember maybe not?

Reviewer: yes, if you want to get typings. Can you also update `var`s to `const`s?

Author: Updated.
